
ABOUT THE LILYPOND FETA FONTS
=============================

This directory includes three PostScript Type-1 fonts from the GNU
Lilypond musical notation typesetting project:

	Lilypond-feta-design20.pfa
	Lilypond-feta-nummer-design10.pfa
	Lilypond-parmesan-design20.pfa

These were generated from the METAFONT outlines in the Lilypond 2.1.0
distribution.  A normal make in the Lilypond source distribution's mf/
directory will create font files called (among others) feta20.pfa,
feta-nummer10.pfa and parmesan20.pfa, and the supplied fonts are
exactly those, renamed to make their origin clear.  (The font family
names within the .pfa files have also been renamed, adding a
-rosegarden suffix, so as to avoid any possible conflict with other
versions of the same fonts installed as global system fonts.)

Lilypond and the feta font are copyright 1997 to 2003 by Han-Wen
Nienhuys and Jan Nieuwenhuizen and are distributed under the terms of
the GNU General Public Licence, a copy of which may be found in the
COPYING file in the top-level directory of this distribution.

We would like to express our gratitude to the Lilypond project for
taking the immense amount of time and effort to create one of the
highest quality notation fonts available, and then making it free
under the GPL.

See http://www.lilypond.org/ for more information about Lilypond.


GPL COMPLIANCE
==============

The supplied .pfa files are a compiled version, not the source code of
these fonts.  Because we do not wish to incorporate significant parts
of Lilypond source into the Rosegarden distribution, under the terms
of the GPL we hereby offer to provide the standard Lilypond-2.1.0
source distribution without charge (except for any necessary shipping
or packaging fee) upon application to anyone who has received these
.pfa fonts as part of the Rosegarden distribution.  Of course you
would normally find it much easier to get the code direct from
lilypond.org, but we are making this offer anyway so as to ensure
formal compliance with the GPL.  To take up this offer, please contact
Chris Cannam, cannam@all-day-breakfast.com.

